[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities--
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction--
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S. Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running--
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
It wasn’t me.
We have to go.
What do you mean?
Go where?
No one else will believe you.
What are we doing here?
Activating my insurance policy.
A friend, June,
will meet us
at the border.
She’ll drive us up
to Montreal, where we
get onto a fishing boat...
which takes us
up to Newfoundland.
[ Carrie ]
The border’s
in a few miles.
You’re not coming,
are you?
I can’t now.
[ Frank ] Have you seen
the paper yet? "C.I.A. Officer
Linked to Langley Bomber."
The case officer in question--
she’s been diagnosed
as bipolar.
Carrie.
She called a reporter.
Apparently she thinks
it’s important they, quote,
"hear her side of the story."
- The C.I.A. gave you that story
to set me up.
- For what?
Nicholas Brody
is not responsible
for the explosion at Langley.
Did Saul Berenson
know when he testified
before the Senate subcommittee?
Of course he did.
Everything he said
was bullshit.
Did you tell anyone
that I was coming here?
We’ve got
a psychiatric detention order.
You know she’s off
her meds, right?
Unless you think
that’s a good idea,
you really have
to help me.
Get off of me.
This is a fucking sham!
[ Saul ]
Carrie,
I am so sorry.
[ Stammering ]
Fuck you, Saul.
CATIA LA MAR, VENEZUELA
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
[ Man Speaking Spanish ]
[ Speaks Spanish ]
- [ Shouts In Spanish ]
- [ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Rapid Breathing ]
[ Shouting In Spanish ]
[ Groans ]
[ Tires Screech ]
[ Shouting In Spanish ]
[ Man ]
Holy shit.
What happened to him?
- Something went wrong.
- Well, I assumed.
Ambush,
across the border.
Dios mío.
- Esme.
- [ Woman Speaks Spanish ]
[ Speaks Spanish ]
I’m going to take
a look at you now, okay?
[ Rapid Breathing ]
Are you a doctor?
[ Muttering ]
Interesting question.
- [ Groaning, Yelling ]
- I know.
I know.
I know it hurts.
[ Yelling ]
Could someone do something
about the lights?
[ Speaks Spanish ]
You’ve lost
a lot of blood.
You’re in
hypovolemic shock.
We’re going to try
to repair the bleeds.
This will help
with the pain.
Enough, enough.
We don’t want
to stop his heart.
Okay, Paco. I need you
to hold something for me.
Can you do that?
Give me your hand.
And put it right here.
Right... there.
Can you feel it?
Mm-hmm.
It’s beating.
Boom, boom, boom?
Boom, boom, boom.
Yes, yes, yes.
Pinch it. Pinch.
Don’t let go.
Where are my lights?
Can’t work
with the flickering lights.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
Where are my lights?
[ Grunting ]
Well done.
[ Sighs ]
Esme?
Will he live?
Depends.
How old were
those antibiotics
you got me?
Oh, he’ll make it.
He’s a strong one.
You know who he is.
Absolutely no idea.
Just an anonymous stranger
with two bullets in his gut.
Though, hypothetically--
I’m-- I’m wondering.
An American fugitive
falls in your lap.
One with a bounty
on his head.
Ten million dollars,
dead or alive.
Why go through
a world of trouble
trying to save him...
instead of just
collecting the reward?
Maybe someone
did you a favor once.
Must be some favor.
[ Yells, Panting ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Sobbing ]
Be still.
Tranquilo. Tranquilo.
[ Continues
In Spanish ]
[ Groans ]
Tranquilo.
[ Sobs ]
No fever.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Spanish ]
[ Tapping ]
Ah, thank you.
Thank you.
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Arabic,
Distant ]
No.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
No. I wanna get up.
I wan--
[ Groans ]
No more.
I can’t think.
No more, please.
God!
No.
Will you help me
get up, please?
No. [ Speaks Spanish ]
Need to see--
No.
[ Groans ]
[ Men Chattering
In Spanish ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Arabic,
Distant ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Where am I?
[ Man ]
Caracas.
Your new home.
You shouldn’t be up.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
You need to rest.
You’re lucky
to be alive, you know.
Those Colombians,
they nearly killed you.
There’s a bounty
on your head.
I know.
A big one.
You’re never safe,
even here with me.
My wallet’s missing,
and so is my passport.
Somebody took them.
I couldn’t stop him.
I need my passport
for travel.
[ Chuckles ]
Don’t worry about that.
I can’t get
another one.
Just-- Just get better now.
We’ll try to find out
who took your things.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Why are you
trying to help me?
You know
Carrie Mathison.
So do I.
Stay here
on this floor.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
Thank you.
[ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Chattering In Spanish ]
♪♪ [ Speakers: Salsa ]
Oh, it feels good.
To be walking.
Walking?
Walking.
[ Grunts ]
We’re walking.
Yes, we’re walking.
With a cane.
Bastón.
¿Bastón?
[ Girls Speaking Spanish ]
We’re walking
with a cane.
[ Cane Taps ]
We’re walking
with a cane.
[ Children Laughing ]
Aahhhh!
♪♪ [ Speakers:
Man Rapping In Spanish ]
¿Agua?
Agua.
Yeah. Thanks.
[ Both Speaking Spanish ]
Gracias.
I prescribe rest,
you go
gallivanting about.
Paco?
Trekking clear
across the building.
What were you thinking?
Esme.
No.
You sure?
You seem like you’re
in a lot of pain.
I’ll survive.
Yes, you’re good
at that, aren’t you?
So, what’d
you make of it?
What?
What you saw.
This abscess beyond healing
we call home.
They call it
the Tower of David.
Not for King David,
heaven forbid.
But for
David Brillembourg,
the particularly
egomaniacal banker
who commissioned it.
Unfortunately,
before it was completed,
David died.
Then the whole
economy died.
Construction stopped.
The squatters
all moved in,
and... voilà.
Scooch.
Well, if you hate it--
Did I say I hate it?
So why are you here?
That’s
a dangerous question.
"Why am I here?"...
leads to
"Why are you here?"
You see?
We’re here because
the world outside
can be...
judgmental and cruel.
We’re here because
this is the place
that accepts us.
We’re here because
we belong here.
I’m not staying.
Of course not.
I just need
to get my strength back.
Don’t we all...
need to get
our strength back?
[ Banging ]
[ Banging Continues ]
[ Panting ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Arabic,
Distant ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Shouts In Spanish ]
[ Speaks Spanish ]
[ Panting ]
Come.
Where?
Yours.
Thanks.
Is this--
Is this him?
Is this the man
that robbed you?
Is it?
He says he did it.
Yeah, okay, but--
- [ Yelling ]
- No, wait--
wait a second! No!
- No! No, no, don’t!
- [ Screaming ]
Get the--
[ Crashing ]
You didn’t have to kill him!
No?
No, you didn’t!
Fine.
Está bien.
We let people rob us,
no problem.
And then what
if they recognize you
with $10 million on your head?
What stops them from saying,
"I know where he is"?
Hmm?
Back to your room.
Go.
Vamos. Vamos.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
[ Esme ]
Where are you going?
Somewhere else.
Do you have money?
I need money.
¿Dinero? ¡Dinero!
Do you have any?
Don’t go.
I can’t stay here.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
You stop.
I’m going out.
[ Gun Cocks ]
I need to leave.
Go out there.
I need to get out of here.
Where?
Where you think you go?
Out.
Out. Out where?
Into the next place.
I’ve been taken
from one place to the next,
from here to there to here--
You were nearly killed.
I can’t stay here.
Why? It’s--
It’s not good enough?
No, I didn’t mean that.
Not-- Not good enough
for you?
Huh?
[ Laughs ]
Why is this?
Because of that-that thief?
He-- He upset you?
Look, I appreciate all
you’ve done for me.
Okay? But I’m better now.
What does that mean?
It means
I can make it on my own.
I just need to get
to the next place.
There’s no next place.
What? There has to be.
No.
Does Carrie
know I’m here?
Does she?
No one can know.
- We have to tell her.
- Like call her
on the phone? Huh?
No, I didn’t mean that.
Or better yet--
Or better yet,
a postcard, or no,
we just call the C.I.A.
They give us $10 million,
split it, eh, even stephen?
I tell you last time,
where you are,
Carrie doesn’t want to know.
This is it for you--
end of the line.
El Niño thinks
you’re an ingrate.
I assured him
you’re just confused.
But he’s right,
you know.
This is your home.
That’s not easy to accept.
Believe me, I know.
It’s not how you
pictured yourself.
You weren’t planning this.
There must be
some mistake,
and on and on.
Those voices in your head
are not your friends
right now.
You have
to make them go away.
The Germans
who invented it...
had a special name
for a medicine powerful
enough to do just that.
Heroisch.
Heroic.
The drug is...
so you don’t
have to be.
Get out.
Come, Paco.
Come, come.
[ Carrie ]
I slept six
whole hours yesterday.
I can’t remember
the last time that happened.
So, yeah, I mean,
all things considered,
I feel pretty damn lucid.
And you’re drinking
enough water?
[ Sighs ]
I think so.
Any headaches?
They’ll go away.
This isn’t my first time
acclimating to lithium,
you know.
Dizzy spells?
One or two.
Nothing unbearable.
I was wondering if you
could tell Saul Berenson
how much better I’m doing.
What... makes you think
I’m in touch with Saul Berenson?
We both know
who you’re writing
those notes for.
You think I’m reporting
back to the C.I.A.?
I know you are.
And that’s fine.
Just... tell Saul
I’m sorry I fucked up.
It won’t happen again.
What do you mean
you fucked up?
I mean,
I went off my meds.
Clearly,
that was a bad idea.
You told Dr. Harlan
your meds dulled you.
Well, maybe that’s
not such a bad thing.
This is quite
the sea change for you.
[ Sighs ]
After three weeks in here,
it’s-- it’s hard to hold on
to any grudges.
So Saul did you a favor,
putting you in the hospital.
Yes.
Removing you from
a delusional relationship,
with a suspected terrorist,
no less.
That was his testimony,
wasn’t it?
It was.
You’re saying that was
the right thing to do?
Yes.
And you honestly
believe that?
Carrie.
I want you
to answer truthfully.
I want you to recover.
From what?
We both know I’m not here
because I’m crazy.
I’m here
because they don’t know
where else to put me.
No one said you were crazy.
Well, no one had to.
I’m in a fucking psych ward.
Look--
[ Sighs ]
The sooner
I can talk to Saul,
the sooner I can go home...
and you can... go back
to doing something useful
with your life.
Wha--
What are you writing?
I was out of line just then.
I’m sorry. I-- Fuck.
You want to earn
your visiting privileges,
you’ll have to be a bit
more cooperative than that.
I know.
And then there’s the question
of the efficacy
of your medication.
All right, I’m sorry.
I just--
So will you please
tell Saul that I’m better?
Hey!
They see you.
You can’t do that.
I have to.
He knew.
He knew what happened.
Please. Stop.
[ Men Speaking Spanish ]
Please.
I can’t stay here.
I can’t.
I have to leave.
I have to go out there.
I can’t live here.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Aquí.
No aquí.
[ Panting ]
I’ll die here.
No place to go.
There is a place.
There is.
There is--
There is somewhere to go.
No. My father said--
There is a place.
The mosque.
Will you help me?
Well, well.
That’s really
quite something.
Is that a little balcony?
It is, yeah.
It’s just darling.
Thanks.
Mike, Sarah,
come look at this.
Isn’t that lovely?
Look at
all the detail.
Can I use
the restroom?
Of course.
Jim, why don’t you
put some paint on that?
Carrie, are you in here?
Yeah, I’m fine.
What-- What happened?
Are you all right?
Yeah, I’m fine.
I just had to get out of there.
You’re bleeding.
What?
Oh, shit.
Honey, if you
are hurting yourself,
I need to know.
No, I said I’m fine.
I know, Carrie,
what you said.
Let me see.
Look, I had a bad moment,
that’s all.
[ Voice Cracking ]
I’m-- I’m taking my lithium.
I’m going to group.
I’m doing everything
that’s asked of me.
I’m--
Okay. Okay.
That’s it. That’s it.
Okay?
That’s all right.
It’s all right now.
Okay. That’s okay.
[ Sobbing ]
Please don’t tell.
Okay.
Come on.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Buenas tardes.
Cuidado por ahí.
Sí, claro.
So promise me this
will not happen again.
I promise.
Because if it does--
It won’t.
I was just frustrated.
Okay.
When I get frustrated,
I take a deep breath
and I count to 10.
Hey, Carrie.
Keep your head up.
It’s not like
they’re going to
forget you in here.
Someone’s already
come by to check on you.
Who?
I’m not sure.
What,
you didn’t get his name?
Nope. He didn’t say.
He asked about you,
how you’re doing.
We don’t tell ’em anything.
Look, if he comes again,
let me know.
I need to see him.
Okay, as soon as you’re
granted visiting privileges.
No, sooner than that.
It’s Saul. It has to be.
Okay, honey,
let’s get you
back to group, okay?
Will you promise me?
Carrie, I’ve already
risked my job once.
And this is
the last favor I’ll ask.
I mean it.
[ Sighs ]
People see you.
They know.
Oh, the imam
won’t turn me in.
He’ll help me.
I’m a Muslim.
Me. Me Muslim.
See? Refuge.
Refugio.
Perfecto.
Take me with you.
What? No.
You can’t
leave me here.
No, I can’t
take you with me.
No, I--
Oh, God, I’m sorry.
I can’t.
I can’t. I’m--
I’m sorry.
As-salaam alaikum.
Alaikum as-salaam.
[ Brody Speaking Arabic ]
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Woman Speaking Arabic ]
Someone’s here to see me.
I need an elevator key.
If you could just wait
in the rec room.
No, I have a visitor.
I have to see him.
You’re still not
on the list.
Please?
He’s waiting for me.
I need you
to calm down.
I am calm.
Where’s Abby?
She’s on break.
Well, will you go get her?
Because he’s going
to leave soon.
Okay, now,
let’s talk about this.
Jesus!
Where the fuck is Abby?
What’s going on here?
Oh, thank God.
Someone’s here to see me.
He’s downstairs.
All right. All right.
I’ll handle this.
We’ll take her
back to her room.
Come on. Let’s go.
It’s Saul.
I saw him through the window.
Keep your voice down.
[ Beeping ]
EXIT
[ Shower Running ]
[ Sighs ]
You’re not a Muslim.
You’re a terrorist.
[ Woman Whimpering ]
No, no, no. Don’t.
What are you doing?
Saul?
Hi.
Who are you?
Paul Franklin.
What happened to your head?
Uh, I-I fell.
Did Saul send you?
No. I’m pretty sure
he wouldn’t approve
of my being here.
I’m an associate
at Bennett, Parr & Hamilton.
We’re a law firm.
Yeah, I know.
I’ve heard of you.
Is there anywhere
we can speak
a little more privately?
Vamos. Vamos.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Basta.
Es que no fue su culpa.
Esme.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Brody Grunting ]
I told you, don’t leave,
but you go.
This-- This is what happens.
We all get trouble.
So now you stay here. Aquí.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
This is your new home.
You will eat here,
sleep here, shit here,
die here.
Carrie won’t save you.
No one will.
Understand?
Do you understand me?
Yes.
And you stay away
from my daughter.
You stay away.
Loco de mierda.
[ Doctor ]
Been a naughty boy.
Naughty,
naughty boy.
[ Franklin ]
I heard you had
a difficult hearing.
[ Carrie ]
Well, "difficult"
doesn’t really cover it.
So we both know
you could be here
for quite a while.
One of our partners
would like to meet with you.
Well, he knows
where to find me.
I don’t think you understand.
I’m talking about
getting you out of here.
You could do that?
Why would you
want to help me?
As I said, I’m here
on behalf of a partner.
And what does he want?
Simply to talk to you.
About?
Whatever it is,
it’s important enough
that he sent me.
Look, I know
how that sounds.
In your position,
I’d be paranoid too.
You don’t know
the first thing
about my position.
I know you
don’t belong here,
that you’re not actually crazy,
and I know you
want nothing more
than to get out and go home.
Carrie.
I’m on your side.
Are you all right?
[ Laughs ]
I’m just--
I’m trying to remember where
I’ve heard that line before.
What line?
"I’m on your side."
I know what you’re doing.
What do you mean?
I mean I’m a case officer.
I used to recruit assets
for a living.
This isn’t like that.
Isn’t it?
You think I’m vulnerable.
Not at all.
No, worse than that,
you think I’m weak.
And maybe, with just
the right incentive,
I’ll turn
against the people
who did this to me.
Well, I’m telling you no.
So whoever the hell
it is you’re working for--
the Syrians,
the Israelis, the Iranians--
you tell them that.
You tell them I would
rather die in here.
You’re not seeing this clearly.
Yeah, which part
did I get wrong?
[ Woman On TV, Indistinct ]
Meds.
[ Abby ]
Carrie?
- Are you all right?
- I need my meds.
[ Doctor ]
What are we going
to do with you?
I can’t stay here.
Of course you can.
It’s like the hole in Iraq.
I can’t do it again.
Well, I’m sure
you’ll find a way.
Everywhere you go,
other people die.
But you always
manage to survive.
Have you noticed that?
You’re like
a cockroach--
still there...
after the last
nuclear bombs go off.
You belong here.
Am I right?
Come on.
[ Lock Clicking ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Panting ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]